Automation with robotics is becoming a differentiator in the manufacturing industry.
The skills you need to know for a career in
this robotics field are changing at the fastest rate in history.
At Udacity, our goal is to empower you with the real world
relevant skills that make you successful at
your job today and prepare you for the jobs of tomorrow.
Our Self-Driving Car Nanodegree program allowed students
the exclusive opportunity to put their code on a real self-driving car.
Now, our robotic students will have the opportunity to
control real KUKA iiwa robots located in Germany.
I am a Professor of Computer Science at Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany.
Students will have the opportunity to program these robots.
The experience with working with physical robots is
very different from working with robots in simulation.
This is something very unique,
you cannot find this in any other online program.
Even at many universities,
it's very rare to get access to real topnotch hardware.
Join Udacity's Robotic Software Engineer nanodegree program to learn the
latest in robotics software technology and gain access to this exciting opportunity.
We look forward to seeing you in the classroom.